hey guys welcome back to my Channel
today I have a color pop hall and I'm so
excited to film this video all this
stuff has been sitting in my room for
like a week and I've just been waiting
for a time to film so I'm super happy
that I'm bringing this to you I placed
an order and I didn't get any of these
shadows but i did get five yes five of
the lippie Stix and then two of their
lippy pencils did order two of their new
blushes so i will be talking about that
as well let's just go ahead and get into
it and i don't really have any opinions
about this product i am wearing Lumiere
right now but I literally just put on
like an hour ago I am just going to
really do swatches and I'll do lip
swatches as well and kind of run you
guys through everything the first thing
that I do want to talk about is their
new blushes because they are new and I
feel like a lot of people probably want
to know about them I got these shades
prenup and i also got birthday suit and
this is what they look like in the
packaging i kept one in the box like a
little youtuber to show you guys what
they look like and they all come in the
same packaging and then the label is
right here for the color actually
haven't even swatched these or anything
it because i was waiting to show them to
you guys so this will be my first time
the only thing that i really really do
regret is that unbeknownst to me i'm not
sure if this means anything but i think
it does i got the colors 5 b 0 3 and 5
be ok and they are basically the same
shade which sucks because i went with
two neutrals that i knew i would want to
wear for a long time and they're pretty
much the same color it's kind of sucks
but that's okay i will still do swatches
of them and because they are kind of
neutral ish i know that i'll use them
for you know use them a lot so that's
good they definitely have that kind of
creamy texture that I know the color pop
shadows have almost like kind of like a
moose feel really nice actually this
first swatch is for prenup this is the
color prenup and I actually thought it
would be a little bit more pigmented but
it is nice I think that these will be
definitely an interesting texture for
the face I haven't tried any of their
shadows but I do know the texture and
everything this is almost kind of a
creamy product and I think that will be
really interesting to apply over
foundation and stuff so I'm definitely
like not on the fence but I'm intrigued
to see how these are going to work
through this color as you can see right
there the second swatches birthday suit
you can't see the difference when
they're on the skin so I'm happy about
that means i didn't find two of the same
product
basically this one is more of like a
pinky kind of peach and that is more of
a mixed i'm going to quickly go through
the tube lippy pencils that I bought and
because I do know that most of these
colors can stand on their own or at
least that's what have been told that
you don't really need a whoopie pencil I
did want to buy two shades the first
shade that I picked up is click and this
is a kind of ready orange color the
reason I bought this was to obviously
we're with ready orange kind of colors
but I had no lip liner like this and I
did need one and these are only five
dollars so I figured you know and the
next shade I got is brillz and I got
this to match the brillz color that i
purchased i didn't have any other lip
liners like this again and i figured
just in case the lavenders a little
patchy that this would be good for a lip
liner also it's just a good car to have
in a lip liner because like I said I
have nothing like this and lastly i
purchased five lippie Stix and i'm so
excited to try these so if you look
right here you can see that all of these
shades are very much Rachel shades I
consider them if you guys have been
watching me for any length of time you
know that I don't really like pinks on
my lips I'm much more of a fan of reds
or purples or kind of dusty like mob
colors that I have on now I'm not a huge
fan of like light pink sand hot pinks
and everything like that just on my skin
tone so i did get five of these and
they're all kind of in a similar range i
guess for shade that i'm wearing is
Lumiere and this is the Kathleen light
shade and this is a matte formula I love
this so far it feels super nice and
creamy on my left even though it's a
matte I feel like it wears a lot like my
Kat Von D studded kiss lipsticks in the
fact that it's kind of a creamy man next
color is brillz and this is a statin
color and this is such a cool shade it's
a nice kind of lavender lilac can't wait
to try this out I love while acts I just
hope it doesn't mean my teeth look a
little bit yellow but we'll see the next
shade I got is flawless and this is a
satin color it is a nice kind of purple
next color I got is el bebe which is
apparently another blogger color I think
it stands for little black boots and
this is a kind of nice kind of how many
times can I say the word kind of it's
kind of like a plummy shade it looks
really pretty and this is a
national a shade i got is lre i don't
know how to pronounce this but i will
put all the info you know in the video
so you guys know what I'm talking about
this is a really nice kind of dark red
cranberry ish color and this is matt so
that is basically it for my halt I'm
gonna do lip swatches and close-ups of
everything so you guys can check them
out on me and see what they look like
let me know if you guys want to see any
of these and tutorials or anything and
what you guys think about color pop if
you tried them at all yeah this is wrap
it up to be a pretty quick video so I
guess we will go ahead and get into the
lip swatches now and I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and if you're not
subscribed please hit that subscribe
button if you liked what you saw and
give me a thumbs up if you liked this
video thank you guys for watching I hope
you're having a great day and I will
talk to you my next video bye
you